# Sending Answer Script Using UiPath
# Overview
This UiPath automation script is designed to streamline the process of sending answer scripts, making it more efficient and error-free. With UiPath, you can automate the entire workflow, from collecting the answer script to composing and sending emails to the designated recipients.

# Prerequisites
Before running the UiPath automation script, ensure you have the following:

UiPath Studio: Install UiPath Studio on your machine. You can download it from UiPath's official website.

Email Account: Provide the email credentials (username and password) for the email account you want to use for sending answer scripts. Ensure that the email account allows access for less secure apps or generate an app-specific password.

# Usage
Clone Repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/pavan-2562003/Answer_script_RPA.git
cd your-repository
Configure UiPath Project:

Open the UiPath Studio.
Open the project file (AnswerScriptAutomation.xaml) from the cloned repository.
Update the necessary variables in the UiPath workflow, such as email credentials, script location, and recipient details.
Run UiPath Script:

Execute the UiPath script by clicking the "Run" button in UiPath Studio.
Monitor the execution to ensure it completes without errors.

# Verification:
Verify that the answer scripts are successfully attached to the email.
Confirm that the email is sent to the specified recipients.

# Customization
Feel free to customize the UiPath workflow according to your specific requirements. You can modify the script to handle different file formats, add additional error handling, or integrate with other systems.

# Troubleshooting
If you encounter any issues during the execution of the UiPath script, refer to the logs generated by UiPath Studio for detailed error messages. Ensure that the provided email credentials are accurate and that the script locations are correctly configured.

